MTM-49511 revoke tokens documentation (#786)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-users.md

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
You need a role with user management permission to perform this option.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> ### To revoke user tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Revocation of all user tokens
```

Reviewer 2: @vfo-softwareag Instruction headings always start with "To..." Should stay as is.

Reviewer: @BeateRixen okay. I see. I didn't know that. Sorry.

> Click **Revoke tokens** button on the right of the top menu bar. Revoking tokens will log out all users logged with "OAI-Secure" or "Single sign-on redirect". Note that also JWT tokens retrieved by device will be revoked.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the **Revoke tokens** button on the right of the top menu bar. Revoking tokens logs out all users currently logged in via OAI-Secure or Single sign-on redirect. Note that JWT tokens retrieved by devices are also revoked.
```

> Click **Revoke tokens** button on the right of the top menu bar. Revoking tokens will log out all users logged with "OAI-Secure" or "Single sign-on redirect". Note that also JWT tokens retrieved by device will be revoked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Revoke tokens** at the right of the top menu bar. Revoking tokens will log out all users logged in with "OAI-Secure" or "Single sign-on redirect". Note that the JWT tokens retrieved by a device will be revoked as well.
```

> {{< c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
```

> To revoke tokens, you must have the permission ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To revoke tokens, you need ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN permission.
```

Reviewer 2: This is not the way we refer to roles and permissions in the UI context, @rssag :-). This is the dev terminology.

> To revoke tokens, you must have the permission ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revoke tokens, the user must have ADMIN permission for the permission type "User management".
```

> {{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}
```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
You need a role with user management permission to perform this option.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### To revoke user tokens

In the event of a security incident involving the session tokens of your tenant's users, you can invalidate any tokens currently in use.

> To revoke all session tokens click **Revoke tokens**  at the right of the top menu bar. Revoking all tokens logs out all users logged in with "OAI-Secure" or "Single sign-on redirect". Note that JWT tokens retrieved by your devices will also be revoked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revoke all session tokens click **Revoke tokens**  at the right of the top menu bar. Revoking all tokens logs out all users logged in via "OAI-Secure" or "Single sign-on redirect". Note that JWT tokens retrieved by your devices will also be revoked.
```

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

> To revoke tokens, the user must have ADMIN permission for the permission type "User management".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revoke tokens, you must have ADMIN permission for the permission type "User management".
```
